[ADD] sale_order_type_confirm_message (#3472)
OCA/sale-workflow: sale_order_type_confirm_message/readme/USAGE.md

To use this module, you need to:

> - Create a sale order with a type that has the confirmation message activated and confirm it. Review the warning popup and click accept

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Create a sales order type with the checkbox "Has Confirmation Message" activated, and assign a message in the "Confirmation Message" field.
- Once the user tries to validate a sales quotation that has a confirmation message in it's sales order type, a warning popup will be shown.
- If the user selects the Confirm button, this sales quotation will be confirmed as usual. If the user selects the Cancel button, the popup will be closed and he will go back to the quotation.
```
